feat(inference): migration v1 and support BYOM (#3048)
scaleway/terraform-provider-scaleway: docs/resources/inference_deployment.md

resource "scaleway_inference_deployment" "deployment" {
  name = "tf-inference-deployment"
  node_type = "L4"

>   model_id = "d33fb5fd-75ca-4dfb-8952-8af8b8b28be5"

Reviewer: Could you put a datasource to avoid putting hard coded id?

Author: I was planning to do model_data_source in another PR

## Argument Reference

> - `model_id` - The model id used for the deployment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `model_id` - (Required) The model id used for the deployment.
```

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

- `id` - The ID of the deployment.

> - `model_name` - (Required) The model name to use for the deployment. Model names can be found in Console or using Scaleway's CLI (`scw inference model list`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `model_name` -  The model name used for the deployment. Model names can be found in Console or using Scaleway's CLI (`scw inference model list`)
```
